Q3.
Since the advent of time technology has ameliorated the human life and in the future 
it will continue to do so. Technological advancements determine the course of the 
world and we have seen how things that are unimaginable become the new normal.
 
Today, technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning , Big Data, 
Virtual Reality etc are booming and in the near future they will overcast almost 
all aspects of our lives. Automated machines, virtual worlds and Robots, I believe, 
will be the new normal. Tech is going to restructure the world. These advancements 
will affect our lifestyle, occupations, healthcare and education.
 
New technologies will bring about new skills and knowledge and hence we will need 
to revamp our system of education. Techs like AI will help improve our quality of 
education and make it more efficient and personalized. Better technology means better
medical equipments and hence better treatment. AI, biotechnology etc will pave the way
for diagnosis of many fatal and now incurable diseases. 

We will witness an automated world. Self driving vehicles, automated security systems,
virtual support systems and automated operations will relieve people of dull and monotonous 
jobs. And, in turn, people can do interesting research works or recreational things.

When this technological transformation is taking place, I want myself to be a component
of the driving force of this transformation. I want to witness and to be a part of this 
changing world. I see myself learning new knowledge, building virtual worlds, doing projects
and building models so as to shape the new world. And after each success I see myself moving 
on to next research or project. I envision myself in a future with better education, better 
medical facilities and better lifestyle for all.


Q4.
Today, we see a high number of people suffering from depression and stress. 
The frustrations and dullness that common man experiences on a daily basis builds up and
eventually they become depressed. When the day had been hard on anyone and he wants to 
share his feelings and let it all out, but his closest ones are not around or they are busy
with their own things, then these feelings stay and take its toll. 
 
But the great thing is that we can sort this out via technology. We can create 
doll-sized AI creatures (bots) who would look like fun cartoon characters and be common man’s 
personalized friend. These bots could be made to learn about their human friend. They would store
all the data of their friend in a highly encrypted way. Humans can vent out their frustrations and
anger upon these bots and also share some hidden feelings. This way they can let out their depressing
thoughts and anger without harming another human. These bots could detect when their humans feel too 
low and when needed it can inform about the situation to its human’s closest ones. Thus, man can have
a cool companion as well as a support system.
